README.md, before:

<!--
**williycole/williycole** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile. 
-->

# Hey there 👋, I'm Cole!

#### Recently I've been working primarily with Go. I have a [blog](https://williycole.github.io/cb-site/) I'm slowly getting back to.

### Toolbox

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between;">

  <details style="width: 48%;">
    <summary>🔮 Backend</summary>
    
  ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Go&logoColor=white)
  ![MSSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
  ![k6](https://img.shields.io/badge/k6-7D64FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=k6&logoColor=white)
  ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
  ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
  ![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
    
  </details>

  <details style="width: 48%;">
    <summary>💅 Frontend</summary>
    
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
  ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
  ![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
  
  </details>

</div>

### Stats for the nerds

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between;">
  <div style="width: 48%;">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=williycole&show_icons=true&theme=dark" />
  </div>
</div>

### Connect with me 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cole-boren-4b0b3a50/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:william.cole.boren@gmail.com)


<img src="https://c.tenor.com/j7Dlyf-gbPIAAAAC/kamille-bidan-z-gundam.gif" width="200" />

<pre><code>
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣧⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⡀⢠⣾⣟⣡⣴⠶⠒⢀⣀⣤⣾⣿⣿⣷⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣾⡀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠀⣴⣿⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⡄⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣟⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⣶⣾⡿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠈⢇⡈⠿⢿⡟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡽⠀⠀⢠⡞⠂⠀⠀⠀⠙⣸⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⠟⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣮⡤⠲⠾⠛
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣤⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⡿⠿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⠶⠿⢋⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣓⠀⠘⠛⣷⡂⠀⠑⠢⢄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣫⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣾⣽⣤⡛⠹⠦⣄⠀⠉⠑⠢⣄⡀⠀⢈⠇⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⠋⠉⠉⠉⣹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠉⠁⠀⡖⠬⣀⣠⠴⠒⠋⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠛⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⣿⠿⠿⣀⡀⠀⠘⡀⠀⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠻⡉⠉⠉⠋⠉⢹⠇⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠫⡉⠉⠑⠚⠒⠤⠤⢤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣱⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⠜⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡞⢓⠆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⣿⣿⣷⣦⣤⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⢄⠀⠀⢎⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡞⡰⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣦⣝⡦⡀⠉⠲⡀⠀⠀⢀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣕⢦⣣⠀⠰⣿⣅⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠀⠋⣟⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢘⣾⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⠈⠙⠶⣄⡀⠀
⠀⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⣶
⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠁
⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⢠⠇⠀
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢀⡴⠃⠀⠀
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡔⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
  __ ___ ___        _         ___          __  __   _    _  ___     _    _         __    _            
 (_  )_  )_   \_)  / ) / /     )   )\ )   (_   )_) )_)  / ` )_     / `  / )\    /  )_)  / )\_)        
 __)(__ (__    /  (_/ (_/    _(_  (  (    __) /   / /  (_  (__    (_   (_/  \/\/  /__) (_/  /  o o o                                                                                                       
</code></pre>

Commit message:

Update personal introduction in README
Expanded personal introduction and interests.

README.md, after:

<!--
**williycole/williycole** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile. 
-->

# Hey there 👋, I'm Cole!

#### I've been doing the dev thing since 2019, recently I've been working primarily with Go, I have a [blog](https://williycole.github.io/cb-site/) I'm slowly getting back to. I have a ton of interests. 

### Toolbox

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between;">

  <details style="width: 48%;">
    <summary>🔮 Backend</summary>
    
  ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Go&logoColor=white)
  ![MSSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)
  ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
  ![k6](https://img.shields.io/badge/k6-7D64FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=k6&logoColor=white)
  ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
  ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
  ![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
    
  </details>

  <details style="width: 48%;">
    <summary>💅 Frontend</summary>
    
  ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
  ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
  ![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
  
  </details>

</div>

### Stats for the nerds

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between;">
  <div style="width: 48%;">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=williycole&show_icons=true&theme=dark" />
  </div>
</div>

### Connect with me 
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cole-boren-4b0b3a50/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:william.cole.boren@gmail.com)


<img src="https://c.tenor.com/j7Dlyf-gbPIAAAAC/kamille-bidan-z-gundam.gif" width="200" />

<pre><code>
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣠⠄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣧⠀⠀⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⡀⢠⣾⣟⣡⣴⠶⠒⢀⣀⣤⣾⣿⣿⣷⣿⡟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣾⡀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⠀⣴⣿⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⡄⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣟⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣠⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⣶⣾⡿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠈⢇⡈⠿⢿⡟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡽⠀⠀⢠⡞⠂⠀⠀⠀⠙⣸⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⠟⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠸⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣮⡤⠲⠾⠛
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⣤⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⡿⠿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⠶⠿⢋⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣓⠀⠘⠛⣷⡂⠀⠑⠢⢄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢧⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣫⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣾⣽⣤⡛⠹⠦⣄⠀⠉⠑⠢⣄⡀⠀⢈⠇⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⠋⠉⠉⠉⣹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠉⠁⠀⡖⠬⣀⣠⠴⠒⠋⠉⠉⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠛⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⣿⠿⠿⣀⡀⠀⠘⡀⠀⡏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠻⡉⠉⠉⠋⠉⢹⠇⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⠫⡉⠉⠑⠚⠒⠤⠤⢤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣱⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⠜⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡞⢓⠆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⣿⣿⣷⣦⣤⣀⣀⠀⠀⠀⢄⠀⠀⢎⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡞⡰⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣦⣝⡦⡀⠉⠲⡀⠀⠀⢀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣕⢦⣣⠀⠰⣿⣅⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠀⠋⣟⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⢘⣾⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⠀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⠀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀
⠀⠀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⠈⠙⠶⣄⡀⠀
⠀⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⣶
⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢰⠁
⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡆⠀⠀⠀⢠⠇⠀
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⢀⡴⠃⠀⠀
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡔⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀
  __ ___ ___        _         ___          __  __   _    _  ___     _    _         __    _            
 (_  )_  )_   \_)  / ) / /     )   )\ )   (_   )_) )_)  / ` )_     / `  / )\    /  )_)  / )\_)        
 __)(__ (__    /  (_/ (_/    _(_  (  (    __) /   / /  (_  (__    (_   (_/  \/\/  /__) (_/  /  o o o                                                                                                       
</code></pre>
